WebAPI: Update Method pages to modern structure (part 20) (#15365)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/writablestreamdefaultwriter/abort/index.md

### Parameters

- reason {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A {{domxref("DOMString")}} representing a human-readable reason for the abort.

Reviewer: Why this change?

Author: It got reverted in merge.  :(
```suggestion
  - : A string representing a human-readable reason for the abort.
```
